now if for some reason you ever you know
decide to wake up a sleeping giant panda
or
cuddle it just remember that's a bad
idea
even fearless big cats like snow
leopards are wary of bothering pandas in
the wild the ones you see in the zoo
might not be that active but they still
have a massive jaw that can deliver a
powerful bite
their huge false thumb lets them get a
good grip on their enemies
the most misleading thing about the
leopard seal is its mouth
which always appears to be smiling but
they're actually rather aggressive
animals
and effective lone hunters they like to
play cat and mouse with their food
which includes penguins fish squid and
even smaller seals
not so long ago a leopard seal even
dragged a marine biologist deep
underwater
hey stop playing with your food
anteaters feed on insects citrus fruit
and avocados
watch out they have no teeth poor vision
and bad hearing sounds kind of like my
uncle rudy
they aren't aggressive and stay away
from people but if humans
walk on their trails anteaters can turn
fierce and may fight
they get on their hind legs use their
tails for balance
and attack with their claws that are
strong enough to hurt a jaguar
or land rover fluffy alpacas may seem
warm-hearted but they still have ways of
defending themselves
they can spit up to 10 feet and you
don't want that stuff getting in your
eyes
because it contains stomach acid along
with chewed up grass
they can bite with their sharp fighting
teeth that are at the back of their
mouths
and they have soft toes to give enemies
a good kick
they can't really do more damage than
you might get in a fight with a child
but it's best not to upset them
there are three things that brings out
the nasty side of a tasmanian devil
when there's a predator nearby when
they're competing for a mate
and when they're protecting their meal
also bugs bunny
but that's a cartoon these guys normally
feed on insects birds frogs and fish
and they like scavenging more than
hunting but if you intrude upon their
home for any reason
be prepared for a painful bite their
teeth are strong enough to eat through
elephants are so clever that they
understand the feelings of other
elephants
and they even try to help each other
they can also take revenge on people who
upset them
elephants sometimes block roads and show
up in the villages of people who have
been mean to them
male elephants get especially aggressive
when fighting over females
watch out for those huge feet they can
really do some damage
better pack your trunk puffer fish can
inflate to several times their normal
size to protect themselves against
predators
hey my brother-in-law can do that too
yeah just kidding
most animals shouldn't try eating them
anyways there's enough poison inside
them to finish off 30 people
and there's no antidote so if it's just
you
you'll need to invite some friends along
to spread out the poison
nah i just made that up swans tend to
see humans as the biggest danger to
their homes and families
male swans get especially aggressive
during the spring nesting season
from april to june when kayakers rowers
or anglers get too
close to their nests swans start hissing
and flapping their wings
if you don't pay attention to these
warning signs the swan might even try to
flip your boat over
dolphins are the only species on the
planet apart from humans
that can take another creature's life
for no logical reason
male sometimes attack female dolphins or
even baby ones
and they don't do it for food if an
angry dolphin chases you
you have no chance about swimming it
they can move at 22 miles per hour
the top speed of olympic swimmer michael
phelps is only six miles per hour
so he can't help you
slow lorises are the only venomous
primates in the world
they carry poison in their elbows it's
transferred to their mouths during
grooming to protect their babies
plus they scare off predators like
pythons and eagle hawks
using special markings that show how
fearsome they are
if a slow loris bites a person who ends
up on its territory or annoys it
the result can be rashes anaphylactic
shock
or you know even worse
despite their massive weight and clumsy
bodies hippos can run much faster than
people
and they have much sharper teeth if you
get in their way
on their trip to the watering hole their
aggression kicks in
before they attack you though they'll
give you some warning signs
if you see a hippo yawn or make a sound
like a laugh
it means it's about to get mad well
that's
rather confusing isn't it blue
ringed octopuses are really tiny but
their venom is a thousand times
stronger than cyanide they normally use
it to hunt shrimp
crabs and small fish if this creature
feels threatened
it'll flash its blue rings as a warning
if you don't pay attention
it may bite you you might not notice the
bite itself
but minutes later you'll definitely
notice the symptoms
nausea numbness and even the loss of
your senses
and motor skills so pay attention down
there
geographic cone snails are a seriously
dangerous critter
they puncture their victims with a tooth
that's like a harpoon
and then inject their venom if a small
cone attacks you
it'll just feel like a bee sting if
you're unlucky enough to meet a larger
one though
it could cause numbing swelling muscle
paralysis
changes to your vision and even
breathing difficulties
canada geese have been living close to
humans for years
but they're still wary of us getting
near their homes especially during the
spring
mating season at this time the male
geese can chase and bite people that
seem like a threat to their mates
eggs or babies if you want to avoid
being attacked by this seriously angry
bird
the best thing you can do is just slowly
back away
squirrels have a lot of enemies both in
the wild and in cities
their superpower against all of them is
their speed and agility
most of the time it's completely safe to
go near them but they can still be
unpredictable like any wild animal
they go on biting sprees occasionally
and watch out
they carry infections like rabies
they're more likely to go after your
pets or kids
but they can also bite adults so to play
it safe
always walk behind your pets or kids to
use them as decoys
of course i'm kidding if you ever
see a kangaroo get up on its hind legs
back off
this is their way of warning you that
they think you're a threat to their
females or their food
they are real pros at boxing with each
other and they have really long legs and
sharp claws
kangaroos jump into the air to give
extra force to their kicks
which are powerful enough to break bones
a platypus doesn't have teeth and it
mainly eats insects and shellfish
it's one of only two mammals that lay
eggs but these strange things can still
do you harm
male platypuses have sharp spurs hidden
on the heels of their hind feet
there's venom in these spurs that's
strong enough to take down a dog
[Music]
koalas get most of their hydration from
eating eucalyptus leaves
and they get all the protection they
need from their sharp teeth and claws
when a koala scratches someone that
wants to cuddle them a little too hard
they can pass on some unpleasant
infections
raccoons can easily adapt to any
environment including your backyard
they rarely attack humans directly but
can damage your property and
make you sick they'll go anywhere to get
some food
from trash cans to bird nests and this
is where they can catch a lot of
different infections
apart from disease raccoons can give
humans nasty wounds that take a long
time to heal
when it thinks you're threatening its
dam a beaver will start slapping the
water with
its tail as a warning sign if you ignore
it
it'll try to use its sharp teeth against
you to protect its family
so it's better to just leave it to
beaver
hey there's a special knife you can use
to protect yourself against attack
called a beaver cleaver no wait that's
an old tv show
otters spend a lot of their time
swimming on their backs
and they don't care about cleaning up
after themselves that's why they leave
behind bits of fish
that attract insects carrying diseases
apart from being so messy
they also have powerful teeth that can
be used against
any unwanted visitor cassowaries are the
most dangerous birds on the planet
one of these can weigh as much as an
adult person and it has long
powerful legs and sharp claws they can
chase after you at 30 miles per hour
luckily enough they try to avoid fights
but
if you don't want to be the target of
their karate moves keep a safe distance
and don't provoke them got that good